Update N1QL+FTS search example to use one of the demonstration indexes (#1105)
couchbase/docs-server: modules/n1ql/pages/n1ql-language-reference/searchfun.adoc

As an alternative, you could limit the number of results and order them using the N1QL xref:n1ql-language-reference/limit.adoc[LIMIT] and xref:n1ql-language-reference/orderby.adoc[ORDER BY] clauses.
====

> .Search against a full text search index that carries a custom type mapping on documents with "type" field: "hotel"

Reviewer: Don't need to extend the title, it's long enough as it is and the description below explains the details of the custom type mapping.

Author: Done.

====
[source,n1ql]
----
SELECT META(t1).id
FROM `travel-sample` AS t1
WHERE t1.type = "hotel" AND SEARCH(t1.country, "United States");
----

.Results
[source,json]
----
[
  {
    "id": "hotel_3426"
  },
  {
    "id": "hotel_25504"
  },
  {
    "id": "hotel_37597"
  },
...
]
----

> If the full text search index being queried has its default mapping disabled and has a custom type mapping defined ("hotel" in the above example), the query needs to specify the type explicitly. For a sample index definition for the above query, refer to xref:fts-demonstration-indexes.adoc#travel-sample-index-hotel-description-country[Travel sample index definition over documents of type: "hotel"].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the full text search index being queried has its default mapping disabled and has a custom type mapping defined ("hotel" in the above example), the query needs to specify the type explicitly.
For a sample index definition for the above query, refer to xref:fts-demonstration-indexes.adoc#travel-sample-index-hotel-country-description[Travel sample index definition over documents of type: "hotel"].
```

Reviewer: New line for new sentence, and section ID did not match the section ID in `fts-demonstration-indexes.adoc`.

Author: Done.

----
SELECT META(t1).id
FROM `travel-sample` AS t1
WHERE t1.type = "hotel" AND SEARCH(t1.description, "amazing");
----

.Results
[source,json]
----
[
  {
    "id": "hotel_22096"
  },
  {
    "id": "hotel_27741"
  },
  {
    "id": "hotel_25243"
  },
  {
    "id": "hotel_20422"
  }
]
----

If the full text search index being queried has its default mapping disabled and has a custom type mapping defined ("hotel" in the above example), the query needs to specify the type explicitly.

> For a sample index definition for the above query, refer to xref:fts-demonstration-indexes.adoc#travel-sample-index-hotel-description[Travel sample index definition over documents of type: "hotel"].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the full text search index being queried has its default mapping disabled and has a custom type mapping defined, the query needs to specify the type explicitly.
The above query uses the demonstration index xref:fts:fts-demonstration-indexes.adoc#travel-sample-index-hotel-description[travel-sample-index-hotel-description], which has the custom type mapping "hotel".
```

Reviewer: Correct xref as it's refering to a different module. Also suggested some minor wording changes.
